Delete Euclidean (#8)
JuliaNLSolvers/ManifoldsBase.jl: README.md

Basic interface for manifolds in Julia.

> This interface includes an easy `DefaultManifold`, which is a reduced version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This interface includes a simple `DefaultManifold`, which is a reduced version
```
